Improve performance of `isEmojiZwjSupported` method (#18848)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: .changelog/20250714130235_ck_18822_improve_emoji_performance.md

---
type: Other
scope: ckeditor5-emoji
closes: https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/18822
---

> Improve the initialization performance of the Emoji plugin by optimizing the `isEmojiSupported` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the initialization performance of the Emoji feature by optimizing the `EmojiUtils#isEmojiSupported()` method.
```
